docs:#816 fix retention.local.target.bytes and retention.local.target.ms (#819)
redpanda-data/documentation: modules/reference/pages/rpk/rpk-cluster/rpk-cluster-storage-list-mount.adoc

= rpk cluster storage list-mount

> List mount/unmount operations on a topic to the Redpanda cluster from glossterm:tiered-storage[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List mount/unmount operations on a topic in the Redpanda cluster from glossterm:tiered-storage[].
```

You can also filter the list by state using the `--filter` flag. The possible states are:

- `planned`

- `prepared`

- `executed`

- `finished`

> If no filter is provided, all migrations will be listed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no filter is provided, all migrations are listed.
```

== Usage

[,bash]
----
rpk cluster storage list-mount [flags]
----

== Aliases

[,bash]
----
list-mount, list-unmount
----

== Examples

Lists mount/unmount operations:
[,bash]
----
rpk cluster storage list-mount
----

> Use filter to list only migrations in a specific state:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use a filter to list only migrations in a specific state:
```
